# Inject

This is a decorator function to configure classes to work with the dependency injector.

```javascript
import {Inject} from "steeplejack/decorators/inject";
```

### Inject ({name: string, factory: boolean = false, deps: string[] = []}) => void

#### name

This is the only required property. This is the name that the instance is registered with in the dependency injector.

#### factory

If set to `false`, an instance of the class will be created with the dependencies sent through when instantiated. If `true`, the dependencies
will be set as a static method with the dependency name.

#### deps

If `factory` is `false`, by default the dependency list will be reflected generated by what's in the class `constructor` method. You can
override the names in there by defining them in the `deps`.

If `factory` is `true`, you must set your dependencies in this array.

## Usage

### Basic usage

> This will store an instance of this class in the injector under the name `childClass` with two dependencies, `dep1` and `dep2`.

```javascript
@Inject({
    name: "childClass"
})
class Child {

    constructor (dep1, dep2) {}

}
```

### Specified dependencies

> This will an instance of thisclass in the injector under the name `childClass`. Again, the dependencies called will by `dep1` and `dep2`,
> but they will be referred to internally as `_dep1` and `_dep2`.

```javascript
@Inject({
    name: "childClass",
    deps: [
        "dep1",
        "dep2",
    ]
})
class Child {

    constructor (_dep1, _dep2) {}

}
```

### Exporting the constructor

> This is a factory method, meaning it can be called with `new ChildClass()`. The two dependencies are `dep1` and `dep2` and set as static
> methods on the class.

```javascript
@Inject({
    name: "ChildClass",
    factory: true,
    deps: [
        "dep1",
        "dep2",
    ]
})
class Child {

    constructor () {
        console.log(Child.dep1);
        console.log(Child.dep2);
    }

}
```
